Any day spent with you is my favorite day., When in doubt, smile., My life would suck without you. Thanks, You're great.
There’s rarely any dull moment when I’m with you. You're fabulous.
I like your socks. #sockswag 
Our friendship is like a cup of tea, a special blend of you and me.
Your facebook status was super funny!
You have a good fashion sense.
You have super smooth hair.
You wear really cute sweaters.
You're my number one.
Do you wanna build a snowman, with me?
I'd give you a tissue, for your issues.
You can copy my maths homework!
I like what you've done to your hair today.
You're so fancy, you already know.
I'd invite you to my birthday party
You personality is brighter than the stars.
I love you!
You're spontaneous, and I love it!
I appreciate all of your opinions.
Your smile is breath taking.
How do you get your hair to look that great?? :O
You are the gravy to my mashed potatoes.
If I had to choose between you or Johny Depp, it would be you.(maybe)
I'm so glad we met.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
I don't speak much English, but with you all I really need to say is beautiful.
You could survive a zombie apocalypse.
You're so rad.
You're more fun than a barrel of monkeys.
You're nicer than a day on the beach.
You make me think of beautiful things, like strawberries.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
Playing video games with you would be fun.
Hi, I'd like to know why you're so beautiful.
You could invent words and people would use them.
There's 21 letters in the Alphabet, oh wait.  I forgot u r a q t
Like Marcelo, you score first in my heart!
You're tastier than chicken soup when I have the flu.
Are you a Beaver? Cause Dam!
Dad told me i could have anything i want, so i choose you.
Hey you, yea, you are beautiful.
Why are you so talented? I can't Handel your musicality.
Are you a train? because I choo,choo,choose you!
You're beautiful no matter what they say
Your the apple in my eye, it still hurts but I love pain
Are you wifi because I'm feeling a connection ;)
You are the USB port to my USB.... we fit perfectly together ^^
You stop my heart like Robben stops the ball, You are the smoothest one of all <3